# AlheenazPrivacyPolicy

Terms & Conditions

This web page represents a legal document and is the Terms and Conditions /Agreement for our website, www.alheenaz.com. By using our Website/application, you agree to fully comply with and be bound by the following Agreement each time you use our Website/application. Please review the following terms carefully.

Definitions
A “Visitor” is someone who merely browses our Website. A “Member” is someone who has registered with our Website to use our Services. The term “User” is a collective identifier that refers to either a Visitor or a Member. The term “Product” refers to any products/services we sell or give away. All text, graphics, design, and data offered through our Website or Services, whether produced by our Members, are known as “Members Content”
Acceptance of Agreement
This Agreement is between you and Alheenaz. “THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND OTHER PROVISIONS THAT LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY, AS USING, ACCESSING, AND/OR BROWSING OUR WEBSITE CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND TO EACH AND EVERY TERM AND CONDITION SET FORTH HEREIN, PLEASE EXIT OUR WEBSITE IMMEDIATELY AND DO NOT USE ACCESS, AND/OR BROWSE IT FURTHER”.
Except as otherwise noted this agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between you and Mehndi Design Trends and supersedes all other Agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to our website, services and the subject matter contained herein. However, for you to use our Website/ services, you may also be required to agree to additional terms and conditions. Those additional terms and conditions will be incorporated into this Agreement unless otherwise stated.
Limited License
Alheenaz grants you a non-exclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to access and use our Website strictly in accordance with this Agreement. Your use of our Website and Services is solely for internal, personal, non-commercial purposes unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement. No printout or electronic version of any part of our Website may be used by you in any litigation or arbitration matter whatsoever under any circumstances.

Legal Compliance
You agree to comply with all applicable domestic and international laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding your use of our Website and Content.
Our Relationship to You
This Agreement in no way creates any agency, partnership, joint venture, or employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and Alheenaz.
Our Intellectual Property
Our Website may contain our service marks or trademarks in the form of words, graphics and logos. Your use of our Website does not constitute any right or license for you to use our service marks or trademarks without the prior written permission of Alheenaz.
Disclaimer
Our Website publishes content supplied by third parties, Users, Advertisers, Merchants, and Sponsors. Accordingly Alheenaz has no editorial control over such content. Any opinions or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers, Users, or any other user of our Website, are those of the respective author(s) and not of Alheenaz. Alheenaz does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, merchantability, or fitness for any particular purpose nor the legality of any content provided by any of these parties.
You understand that we do not operate or control the products or services offered by third-party Merchants. These merchants are responsible for all aspects of order processing, fulfillment, billing, and customer service. We are not a party to the transactions entered into between you and Merchants. You agree that use of or purchase from such Merchants is AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND BY US. All rules, legal documents (including privacy policies), and operating procedures of Merchants will apply to you while on any Merchant websites.
You hereby acknowledge that nothing contained in our Website will constitute financial, investment, legal, and/or other professional advice and that no professional relationship of any kind is created between you Alheenaz or our Members. You hereby agree that you will not make any financial, investment, legal, and/or other decision based in whole or in part on anything contained in our Website or Services.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Alheenaz be liable to you or any third person for any indirect, consequential, incidental, special or punitive damages.
Unlawful Activity
We reserve the right to investigate complaints or reported violations of this Agreement and to take any action we deem appropriate, including, but not limited to, reporting any suspected unlawful activity to law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties and disclosing any information necessary or appropriate to such persons or entities relating to your profile, email addresses, usage history, posted materials, IP addresses, and traffic information.
Linking to Our Website
You may provide links to our Website provided that (a) you do not remove or obscure any portion of our website by framing or otherwise, (b) your website does not engage in illegal or pornographic activities, and (c) you cease providing links to our Website immediately upon our request.
Changes to Our Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time by giving you advance notice of the changes by email or in writing. We will also post these changes on our website. These changes will become effective 30 days after receipt of the notice. To avoid doubt, no unilateral amendment will retroactively change agreed dispute-resolution provisions of these Terms and Conditions, if any, including, for example, arbitration provisions for then-pending disputes unless the parties expressly agree otherwise. Your continued use of our Website, Services, and Products after any change to these Terms and Conditions and our notifying you will constitute your acceptance of such change. If you do not agree with the changes to these Terms and Conditions, you can choose to discontinue the use of our Website and Services.
